{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Add button over back for SignIn View Controller?\
I don\'92t really understand how the alerts work.. pass messages back and forth.\
Does the stack of the order of functions matter?\
How do we get a cross dissolve segway into a programmatic VC?\
let alertController = UIAlertController ; statement goes where? With variables?\
add with paging enabled (refer to version)\
Info is split up into the completed animated gif, the assignment, then the sub gifs. Constantly shifting back and forth as opposed to just watching one video intently.\
Documentation is hard to sort though bc it is fragmented.\
\
\
Viewcontoller Title\
Storyboard ID\
Restoration ID\
   check: Use Story Board ID\
\
How do we get a c\
\
Password police\
sick of Passwords?\
No onion skinning. \
No pixel shifting using arrow keys.\
Simulator should obey 2 finger swipe\
\
\
\
You helped Lindsey earn (x amount) of cash.. am I supporting the artist I care about? Youtube could tell me? Heck I\'92ll watch more ads if it benefits her.\
\
\
\
You have worked for some of the best companies in the world, in the case of Apple during some of its most transformative days. The iOS class camp I\'94m taking at Zynga has shown me how genius the iPhone designers really were and how much care they put into every bounce and every icon. It is exceptional. How many lives have they touched? \
As I prayed whether to come or not, I will always do so for any future advice I may with to trouble you for.}